# Project-519
8.4 MW Bundled Wind Power Project by Meghmani Organics Limited

Scale of the project activity Small Scale

Project participants
M/s. Meghmani Organics Limited (Project owner)

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and
standardized baselines
Applied Baseline Methodology:
AMS-I.D.: “Grid connected renewable electricity
generation”, version 18

Standardized Methodology: Not Applicable.
Sectoral scopes
01 Energy industries
(Renewable/Non-Renewable Sources)
________________
The project activity is a renewable power generation activity which incorporates installation and operation of 4
Wind Turbine Generators (WTGs) having total capacity 8.4 MW each manufactured and supplied by Suzlon
Global Service Limited with aggregated installed capacity of 8.4 MW in the state of Gujarat in India. This
project has been promoted by M/S. Meghmani Organics Limited.

The WTGs under the project activity were commissioned in Gujarat as per the ex-ante estimate, the project
will generate approximately 14716.8 MWh of electricity per annum. The net generated electricity from the
project activity is sold to state electricity discoms under the Wheeling Agreement signed between the PP and
the utility. In pre-project scenario, electricity delivered to the grid by the project activity would have otherwise
been generated by the operation of fossil fuel-based grid-connected power plants and by the addition of new
fossil fuel-based generation sources. Through utilization of renewable power at the manufacturing unit, the
project activity would be displacing equivalent quantum of grid electricity resulting in an emission
reduction of 13245 tCO2e per annum. The project activity has been helping in greenhouse gas (GHG) emission
reduction by using renewable resources (wind energy) for generating power which otherwise would have
been generated using grid mix power plants, which is dominated by fossil fuel based thermal power plants.
Since the project activity generates electricity through wind energy, a clean renewable energy source it will not
cause any negative impact on the environment and thereby contributes to climate change mitigation efforts

The Government of India has stipulated following indicators for sustainable development in the interim
approval guidelines for such projects which are contributing to GHG mitigations. The Ministry of
Environment, Forests & Climate Change, has stipulated economic, social, environment and technological
well-being as the four indicators of sustainable development.

__________________
Sr. No. Name Of PP District WTG Number Commissioning Date
______________
1 M/S Meghmani Organics Limited Kutch SEL/2100/17-18/4871 28/09/2017
__________
2 M/S Meghmani Organics Limited Kutch SEL/2100/17-18/4870 28/09/2017
__________
3 M/S Meghmani Organics Limited Kutch SEL/2100/07-08/4872 28/09/2017
___
4 M/S Meghmani Organics Limited Kutch SEL/2100/07-08/4974 30/07/2018
_________________
